boom chicka chicka change you back up
babe whats up guys its constant e-filing
i'm making an in-game video for you guys
and this is an evolution of combat so
today i'm going to show you guys how to
do that fucking QB t the Queen black
dragon constant T style first of all
this is what my inventory mostly look
like and I collected all these for
stupid journal shit you know because you
need for the trim completion key so I've
killed a QB d like over 200 times crazy
shit and i made like over 300 mil
offered so this my setup in EOC style I
used piercing shop ricochet Biden shot
tonight snapshot rapid-fire incendiary
shot preparation but nonsense whenever
that shit is momentum my dread nips and
regenerate and this is what a weird what
I where is my fucking ARMA am I galvin
and my fucking Royal crossbow hitting
those 5 case the ferry aw i shared
vampirism so let's go let go right now
let's go qbd time now watch QP Delia
let's go watch this shit it takes a
while though but you guys get the hang
of it so easy like fucking insane this
is the first phase so you just overload
up put your super anti fire up they just
put fucking soulsplit and turmoil this
shit watch this go first week it doesn't
take that long to kill you guys get used
to it she's easy as fuck ok here we go
just use that then used to dread that
the world crossbow is insane I'm telling
you the first free swing and take that
long watch see look at how it's going
like you can fucking great this bitch up
the asshole well yeah I'm gonna call an
asshole but so easy to look at that
I love this I've been doing qbd like for
a fucking a long time and this like my
what over 300 kill I think now she's so
easy when you guys get the hang of it
look that banging just killing at bamc
ulit look at that shit just hit then
after that you guys just hit this
fucking artifact just for artifacts and
told it'll just go with that BAM fuck
you here we go why should swing it 5,000
hey you look at that five dollars and
here you gosh 5000 hit watch out for
your prayer to just keep going it takes
like chronic three to four minutes to
kill the defense how fast you are and
you're fucking tight end like if he's
good or not those torches thing to shit
okay those tortured shit or retarded
bitches but here we go see you this
second stage is pretty easy too and when
he turned blue just range the fuck out
room here we go here we go look that
seemed so easy you can watch dodge those
flames or you don't have to I barely
dodged the flames so like pointless
pointless okay here we go here go come
on come on fucker die bitch get up get
them dead nuts here you go now this is
the third stage this is so easy anyone
could do this okay jackets meet this
fucking game easier like very very easy
look at that I don't know why they made
an easy but like every skill so easy
shit you know I'm like max out nor that
crap i don't know i could try get
completion cape about ever want one fuck
there you know 5,000 classroom or screw
that shit come on baby see if she's so
easy so here you just range her just
hear your fucking steal tighten bank
damn
BAM come on bitch die fuck you don't
heal don't he'll do he'll you bitch but
sometimes she heals though so you have
to watch out for that and I don't know I
just suck at eight right there but see
in camera angle she does that a lot fuck
my sauce plate cut out I hate that shit
there it's retarded or like why the hell
do you fucking do that camera angle you
know but fuck it yellow one bitch die I
think Jay is just wanna make that harder
for us so we could die this is the last
phase two this is the fucking for face
and the final come on let's go let's go
let's go just go motherfucker go go go
fuck you no no no fucky tortures guy
keep washing out and this guy he could
like fucking freeze you you don't watch
out but I don't give a fuck cuz I'm
killing this bitch plop let's go come on
come on go steal Chinese ghost ghost go
you died bitch come on come on come on
come on bitch fuck yeah yeah yeah here
we go here we go fuck you fucking timer
fuck you and you guys won't eat right
here you could like almost died ok come
on bitch fucking panic panic on sochi
panic panic come on fucker ah see look
at that shit bitch is dead now you can
go here and fuck you uh-huh yep you
bitch you got served by Constantine
motherfucker here we go here we go this
is why here Missy come on let's go let's
go Scott come on come on cops if you
wait yelling yelling here we get yeah we
get fuck yo BAM a royal-themed oh shit
that's awesome but welcome oh fuck yeah
um
well thanks for watching my videos I
might just do more in-game live videos
cuz they're fucking at bay yeah this is
like my over 300 kill QED peace out you
guys cops and he's out